---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E5 Reflecting on Assignment 2
date: 2019-12-04
labels:
  - Student
---

This assignment required us to create a login and registration page which also connects to the invoice. We had to figure out how to connect the pages through the server json which contained all of the login information. Using the previous Assignment 1, we had to basically upgrade it to fulfill the requirements that were given. The tasks we had to complete include security, creating a login in page users had to complete before going to the next page and a registration as well. 
https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/150.Assignment2/experience-Assignment2_retrospective.html

I learned how to create a login page and how to connect it to the invoice(checkout) page. I also learned that it is very important to not code too much at one time. It is more beneficial to do it increments so creating a plan/template would make the process alot easier. While I got towards the end of the assignment there were a lot of small mistakes that could've been prevented if I double checked if it worked before.  

Nick: 60%
Julia: 40%
While working on this project we met up quite frequently to work on this project together since it was difficult for us to figure out the code separately, not being able to see what the other does. Julia worked on the server.js, making sure that we were able to connect all the pages together. And I was tasked with creating the login and registration page. We mainly did this together so that we were able to make sure that our codes matched up and weren't named differently. 

We needed help connecting the login and registration page to the invoice and to help with that we asked our peers and daniel port. That was mainly the only issue since a lot of the code could have been taken from the previous assignment 1 and the labs before class. So we asked our peers for help then daniel port when the problem was not something we were able to figure out together. 

For this assignment the amount of work that had to be put in did not seem a lot but the concept of having to connect the pages was more difficult than i expected. We spent 20% thinking about how to do something, 20% writing code, and 60% testing and debugging.

What worked well for this project was being able to bounce off ideas with my partner to be able to test what works best. Since there was two of us we were able to look at things from different points of views. What did not work well was trying to look up code to apply into the assignment without fully undertanding how it would affect our website. It was also difficult not being able to work on the code at the same time from a distance but instead having to do it in person.

If I could go back in time I would make sure that I completey understand the labs before moving on to the next one. I understand now the importance of it because it is useful for these Assignments. I take it upon myself to not just follow along and actually comprehend what we are going over. Since while working on the assignment one of my main problems was not fully understanding what the code is used for. I would also try and make a plan to follow that me and Julia could use to make sure that we don't fall behind and end up having to stress the day of the assignment is due. 
